  
 
    
    
    These highlights do not include all the information needed to use JEMPERLI safely and effectively. See full prescribing information for JEMPERLI. 
       JEMPERLI (dostarlimab-gxly) injection, for intravenous use Initial U.S. Approval: 2021 
    
    
    
    
       
       
          
             
             GlaxoSmithKline LLC 
             
                
             
          
       
    
    
       
          
             
                
                
                
                
                   
                      
                         
                         Jemperli 
                         
                         
                            
                               dostarlimab 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               
                            
                            
                               
                               DOSTARLIMAB 
                               
                                  
                                     
                                     DOSTARLIMAB 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               CITRIC ACID MONOHYDRATE 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               ARGININE HYDROCHLORIDE 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               POLYSORBATE 80 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               SODIUM CHLORIDE 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               TRISODIUM CITRATE DIHYDRATE 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               WATER 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                               
                            
                            
                               
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                           
                                        
                                     
                                  
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                         
                            
                            
                            
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                         
                            
                            
                            
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                         
                            
                         
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                1	INDICATIONS AND USAGE  
                
                
                   
                      
                         JEMPERLI is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)–blocking antibody indicated: 
                         
                            Endometrial Cancer  
                         
                         
                            
                               • in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, followed by JEMPERLI as a single agent, for the treatment of adult patients with primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer (EC). ( 1.1 ) 
                            
                               • as a single agent for the treatment of adult patients with mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) recurrent or advanced EC, as determined by an FDA-approved test, that has progressed on or following prior treatment with a platinum-containing regimen in any setting and are not candidates for curative surgery or radiation. ( 1.1 ,  2.1 ) 
                         
                         
                            Mismatch Repair Deficient Recurrent or Advanced Solid Tumors 
                         
                         
                            
                               • as a single agent for the treatment of adult patients with dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors, as determined by an FDA-approved test, that have progressed on or following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options. 1  ( 1.2 ,  2.1 ) 
                         
                         
                            1 This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial(s). ( 1.2 ) 
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      1.1	Endometrial Cancer 
                      
                         JEMPERLI, in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, followed by JEMPERLI as a single agent, is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with primary advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer (EC). 
                         JEMPERLI, as a single agent, is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) recurrent or advanced EC, as determined by an FDA-approved test, that has progressed on or following prior treatment with a platinum-containing regimen in any setting and are not candidates for curative surgery or radiation  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.1 )]. 
                         
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      1.2	Mismatch Repair Deficient Recurrent or Advanced Solid Tumors 
                      
                         JEMPERLI, as a single agent, is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors, as determined by an FDA-approved test, that have progressed on or following prior treatment and who have no satisfactory alternative treatment options  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.1 )].  This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response  [see Clinical Studies ( 14.2 )].  Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial(s). 
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                2	DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION  
                
                
                   
                      
                         
                            
                               • JEMPERLI, in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, for primary advanced or recurrent EC: 500 mg every 3 weeks for 6 cycles followed by 1,000 mg monotherapy every 6 weeks for all cycles thereafter. ( 2.2 ) 
                            
                               • JEMPERLI, as a single agent, for dMMR recurrent or advanced EC: 500 mg every 3 weeks for 4 cycles followed by 1,000 mg every 6 weeks for all cycles thereafter. ( 2.2 ) 
                            
                               • JEMPERLI, as a single agent, for dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors: 500 mg every 3 weeks for 4 cycles followed by 1,000 mg every 6 weeks for all cycles thereafter. ( 2.2 ) 
                            
                               • Administer as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes. ( 2.2 ) 
                            
                               • For complete dosing instructions, see full prescribing information. 
                         
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      2.1	Patient Selection 
                      
                         
                            Single Agent 
                         
                         Select patients for treatment with JEMPERLI as a single agent based on the presence of dMMR in tumor specimens in: 
                         
                            
                               • recurrent or advanced EC  [see Clinical Studies ( 14.1 )] .  
                            
                               • recurrent or advanced solid tumors  [see Clinical Studies ( 14.2 )] . 
                         
                         Information on FDA-approved tests for the detection of dMMR status is available at  https://www.fda.gov/companiondiagnostics .  
                         Because the effect of prior chemotherapy on test results for dMMR in patients with high-grade gliomas is unclear, it is recommended to test for this marker in the primary tumor specimen obtained prior to initiation of temozolomide chemotherapy in patients with high-grade gliomas. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      2.2	Recommended Dosage  
                      
                         The recommended dosage for JEMPERLI is presented in  Table 1 . 
                         
                            Table 1. Recommended Dosage of JEMPERLI 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient; EC = endometrial cancer. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     a  30-minute intravenous infusion. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     b  Refer to the Prescribing Information for the agents administered in combination with JEMPERLI, as appropriate. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Indication 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Recommended Dosage 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Duration/Timing of Treatment 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Combination Therapy 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Adults with primary advanced or recurrent EC 
                                  
                                  
                                     500 mg a  JEMPERLI every 3 weeks for 6  cycles in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel b  followed by 
                                     1,000 mg JEMPERLI as monotherapy every 6 weeks for all cycles thereafter. 
                                     Administer JEMPERLI prior to carboplatin and paclitaxel when given on the same day. 
                                  
                                  
                                     Until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 3 years. 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Monotherapy 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Adults with dMMR recurrent or advanced EC and 
                                     dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors 
                                  
                                  
                                     500 mg a  JEMPERLI every 3 weeks for 4 cycles followed by 
                                     1,000 mg a  JEMPERLI every 6 weeks for all cycles thereafter. 
                                  
                                  
                                     Until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      2.3	Dosage Modifications for Adverse Reactions 
                      
                         No dose reductions of JEMPERLI are recommended. In general, withhold JEMPERLI for severe (Grade 3) immune‑mediated adverse reactions. Permanently discontinue JEMPERLI for life‑threatening (Grade 4) immune‑mediated adverse reactions, recurrent severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated reactions that require systemic immunosuppressive treatment, or an inability to reduce corticosteroid dose to 10 mg or less of prednisone equivalent per day within 12 weeks of initiating steroids. 
                         Dosage modifications for JEMPERLI for adverse reactions that require management different from these general guidelines are summarized in  Table 2 . 
                         
                            Table 2. Recommended Dosage Modifications for Adverse Reactions 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  ALT = alanine aminotransferase; AST = aspartate aminotransferase; DRESS = drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms; SJS = Stevens-Johnson syndrome; TEN = toxic epidermal necrolysis; ULN = upper limit of normal. 
                                     a  Based on National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, Version 5.0. 
                                     b  Resume in patients with complete or partial resolution (Grade 0 to 1) after corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue if no    complete or partial resolution within 12 weeks of initiating steroids or inability to reduce prednisone to less than 10 mg/day (or   equivalent) within 12 weeks of initiating steroids. 
                                     c  If AST and ALT are less than or equal to ULN at baseline in patients with liver involvement, withhold or permanently    discontinue JEMPERLI based on recommendations for hepatitis with no liver involvement. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Adverse Reaction 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Severity a 
                                        
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Dosage Modification 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Immune-Mediated Adverse Reactions  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] 
                                        
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Pneumonitis 
                                  
                                  
                                     Grade 2 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Colitis 
                                  
                                  
                                     Grade 2 or 3 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Grade 4 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Hepatitis with no tumor involvement of the liver 
                                  
                                  
                                     AST or ALT increases to more than 3 and up to 8 times ULN 
                                     or  
                                     Total bilirubin increases to more than 1.5 and up to 3 times ULN 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     AST or ALT increases to more than 8 times ULN 
                                     or  
                                     Total bilirubin increases to more than 3 times ULN 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Hepatitis with tumor involvement of the liver c 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     Baseline AST or ALT is more than 1 and up to 3 times ULN and increases to more than 5 and up to 10 times ULN 
                                     or 
                                     Baseline AST or ALT is more than 3 and up to 5 times ULN and increases to more than 8 and up to 10 times ULN 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     AST or ALT increases to more than 10 times ULN 
                                     or  
                                     Total bilirubin increases to more than 3 times ULN 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Endocrinopathies 
                                  
                                  
                                     Grade 2, 3, or 4 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold until clinically stable or permanently discontinue, depending on severity b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Nephritis with renal dysfunction 
                                  
                                  
                                     Grade 2 or 3 increased blood creatinine 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Grade 4 increased blood creatinine  
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Exfoliative dermatologic conditions 
                                  
                                  
                                     Suspected SJS, TEN, or DRESS 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Confirmed SJS, TEN, or DRESS 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Myocarditis 
                                  
                                  
                                     Grade 2, 3, or 4 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Neurological toxicities 
                                  
                                  
                                     Grade 2 
                                  
                                  
                                     Withhold b 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Grade 3 or 4 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Other Adverse Reactions 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Infusion-related reactions  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.2 )] 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     Grade 1 or 2 
                                  
                                  
                                     Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Grade 3 or 4 
                                  
                                  
                                     Permanently discontinue 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      2.4	Preparation and Administration  
                      
                         
                            Preparation for Intravenous Infusion 
                         
                         
                            
                               • Visually inspect the solution for particulate matter and discoloration. The solution is clear to slightly opalescent, colorless to yellow. Discard the vial if visible particles are observed. 
                            
                               • Do not shake. 
                            
                               • JEMPERLI is compatible with an infusion bag made of polyolefin, ethylene vinyl acetate, or polyvinyl chloride with di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). 
                            
                               • For the 500-mg dose, withdraw 10 mL of JEMPERLI from a vial using a disposable sterile syringe made of polypropylene and dilute into an intravenous infusion bag containing 0.9% Sodium Chloride Injection, USP or 5% Dextrose Injection, USP to a final concentration between 2 to 10 mg/mL (maximum 250 mL). 
                            
                               • For the 1,000-mg dose, withdraw 10 mL from each of 2 vials (withdraw 20 mL total) and dilute into an intravenous bag containing 0.9% Sodium Chloride Injection, USP or 5% Dextrose Injection, USP to a final concentration between 4 to 10 mg/mL (maximum 250 mL). 
                            
                               • Mix diluted solution by gentle inversion. Do not shake. 
                            
                               • Discard any unused portion left in the vial. 
                         
                         
                            Storage of Infusion Solution 
                         
                         Store in the original carton until time of preparation in order to protect from light. The prepared dose may be stored either: 
                         
                            
                               • At room temperature for no more than 6 hours from the time of preparation until the end of infusion. 
                            
                               • Under refrigeration at 2°C to 8°C (36ºF to 46ºF) for no more than 24 hours from time of preparation until end of infusion. If refrigerated, allow the diluted solution to come to room temperature prior to administration. 
                         
                         Discard after 6 hours at room temperature or after 24 hours under refrigeration. 
                         Do not freeze. 
                         
                            Administration 
                         
                         Administer infusion solution intravenously over 30 minutes through an intravenous line using tubing made of polyvinyl chloride or platinum cured silicon; fittings made of polyvinyl chloride or polycarbonate; and a sterile, non-pyrogenic, low‑protein binding, 0.2-micron, in-line or add-on filter. 
                         JEMPERLI must not be administered as an intravenous push or bolus injection. Do not co‑administer other drugs through the same infusion line. 
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                3	DOSAGE FORMS AND STRENGTHS  
                
                   Injection: 500 mg/10 mL (50 mg/mL) clear to slightly opalescent, colorless to yellow solution in a single-dose vial for intravenous infusion after dilution. 
                
                
                
                   
                      
                         Injection: 500 mg/10 mL (50 mg/mL) solution in a single-dose vial. ( 3 ) 
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                4	CONTRAINDICATIONS  
                
                   None. 
                
                
                
                   
                      
                         None. ( 4 ) 
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                5	WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS  
                
                
                   
                      
                         
                            
                               • Immune-mediated adverse reactions, which may be severe or fatal, can occur in any organ system or tissue, including the following: immune‑mediated pneumonitis, immune-mediated colitis, immune‑mediated hepatitis, immune-mediated endocrinopathies, immune-mediated nephritis with renal dysfunction, immune‑mediated dermatologic adverse reactions, and solid organ transplant rejection. Monitor for signs and symptoms of immune‑mediated adverse reactions. Evaluate clinical chemistries, including liver enzymes, creatinine, and thyroid function, at baseline and periodically during treatment. Withhold or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI and administer corticosteroids based on the severity of reaction. ( 2.3 ,  5.1 ) 
                            
                               • Infusion-related reactions: Interrupt, slow the rate of infusion, or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI based on severity of reaction. ( 2.3 ,  5.2 ) 
                            
                               • Complications of allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT): Fatal and other serious complications can occur in patients who receive allogeneic HSCT before or after being treated with a PD‑1/PD-L1–blocking antibody. ( 5.3 ) 
                            
                               • Embryo-fetal toxicity: Can cause fetal harm. Advise females of reproductive potential of the potential risk to a fetus and to use effective contraception. ( 5.4 ,  8.1 ,  8.3 ) 
                         
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      5.1	Severe and Fatal Immune-Mediated Adverse Reactions  
                      
                         JEMPERLI is a monoclonal antibody that belongs to a class of drugs that bind to either the programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1) or PD-ligand 1 (PD-L1), blocking the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway, thereby removing inhibition of the immune response, potentially breaking peripheral tolerance, and inducing immune-mediated adverse reactions. Important immune-mediated adverse reactions listed in WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS may not include all possible severe and fatal immune‑mediated reactions. 
                         Immune-mediated adverse reactions, which can be severe or fatal, can occur in any organ system or tissue. Immune‑mediated adverse reactions can occur at any time after starting a PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibody. While immune-mediated adverse reactions usually manifest during treatment with PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibodies, they can also manifest after discontinuation of PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibodies. 
                         Early identification and management of immune-mediated adverse reactions are essential to ensure safe use of PD‑1/PD‑L1–blocking antibodies. Monitor closely for symptoms and signs that may be clinical manifestations of underlying immune-mediated adverse reactions. Evaluate liver enzymes, creatinine, and thyroid function tests at baseline and periodically during treatment. In cases of suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, initiate appropriate workup to exclude alternative etiologies, including infection. Institute medical management promptly, including specialty consultation as appropriate. 
                         Withhold or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI depending on severity  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.3 )] . In general, if JEMPERLI requires interruption or discontinuation, administer systemic corticosteroids (1 to 2 mg/kg/day prednisone or equivalent) until improvement to Grade 1 or less. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Consider administration of other systemic immunosuppressants in patients whose immune-mediated adverse reaction is not controlled with corticosteroids. 
                         Toxicity management guidelines for adverse reactions that do not necessarily require systemic steroids (e.g., endocrinopathies, dermatologic reactions) are discussed below. 
                         
                            Immune-Mediated Pneumonitis 
                         
                         JEMPERLI can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, which can be fatal. In patients treated with other PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibodies, the incidence of pneumonitis is higher in patients who have received prior thoracic radiation. 
                         Immune-mediated pneumonitis occurred in 2.3% (14/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI, including Grade 2 (1.3%), Grade 3 (0.8%) and Grade 4 (0.2%) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis led to discontinuation of JEMPERLI in 1.3% of patients. 
                         Systemic corticosteroids were required in 79% (11/14) of patients with pneumonitis. Pneumonitis resolved in 11 of the 14 patients. JEMPERLI was withheld for 9 patients. Five patients reinitiated JEMPERLI after symptom improvement; of these, 2 patients had recurrence of pneumonitis. 
                         
                            Immune-Mediated Colitis 
                         
                         JEMPERLI can cause immune-mediated colitis. Cytomegalovirus infection/reactivation have occurred in patients with corticosteroid-refractory immune-mediated colitis treated with PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibodies. In cases of corticosteroid-refractory colitis, consider repeating infectious workup to exclude alternative etiologies. 
                         Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.3% (8/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI, including Grade 2 (0.7%) and Grade 3 (0.7%) adverse reactions. Colitis led to discontinuation of JEMPERLI in 1 (0.2%) patient. 
                         Systemic corticosteroids were required in 75% (6/8) of patients with colitis. Colitis resolved in 5 of the 8 patients. Of the 4 patients in whom JEMPERLI was withheld for colitis, all reinitiated treatment with JEMPERLI; of these, 1 patient had recurrence of colitis. 
                         
                            Immune-Mediated Hepatitis 
                         
                         JEMPERLI can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, which can be fatal. 
                         Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in 0.5% (3/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI, all were Grade 3. Hepatitis led to discontinuation of JEMPERLI in 1 (0.2%) patient. Systemic corticosteroids were required in 2 patients with hepatitis and the events resolved in 2 of the 3 patients. 
                         
                            Immune-Mediated Endocrinopathies 
                         
                         
                            Adrenal Insufficiency:  JEMPERLI can cause primary or secondary adrenal insufficiency. For Grade 2 or higher adrenal insufficiency, initiate symptomatic treatment per institutional guidelines, including hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI depending on severity  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.3 )] . 
                         Adrenal insufficiency occurred in 1.2% (7/605) patients receiving JEMPERLI, including Grade 2 (0.5%) and Grade 3 (0.7%). Adrenal insufficiency resulted in discontinuation in 1 (0.2%) patient and resolved in 4 of the 7 patients. Of the 4 patients in whom JEMPERLI was withheld for adrenal insufficiency, all reinitiated treatment with JEMPERLI. Systemic corticosteroids were required in 5 of the 7 patients with adrenal insufficiency. 
                         
                            Hypophysitis:  JEMPERLI can cause immune-mediated hypophysitis. Hypophysitis can present with acute symptoms associated with mass effect such as headache, photophobia, or visual field cuts. Hypophysitis can cause hypopituitarism. Initiate hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI depending on severity  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.3 )] . 
                                    JEMPERLI in Combination with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel:  Hypophysitis (Grade 3) occurred in 0.4% (1/241) of patients receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel. Systemic corticosteroids were required, and the event resolved. JEMPERLI was withheld and the patient reinitiated treatment. 
                                    JEMPERLI as a Single Agent:  Hypophysitis (Grade 2) occurred in 0.2% (1/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI as a single agent. Systemic corticosteroids were required, and the event did not resolve. JEMPERLI was withheld and the patient reinitiated treatment. 
                         
                            Thyroid Disorders:  JEMPERLI can cause immune-mediated thyroid disorders. Thyroiditis can present with or without endocrinopathy. Hypothyroidism can follow hyperthyroidism. Initiate thyroid hormone replacement or medical management of hyperthyroidism as clinically indicated. Withhold or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI depending on severity  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.3 )] . 
                         
                            Thyroiditis:  Thyroiditis occurred in 0.5% (3/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI; all were Grade 2. Systemic corticosteroids were required in 1 of 3 patients and anti-thyroid therapy was required for 2 of 3 patients with thyroiditis. JEMPERLI was withheld for 1 patient and the patient reinitiated treatment. None of the events of thyroiditis resolved; there were no discontinuations of JEMPERLI due to thyroiditis. 
                         
                            Hypothyroidism: JEMPERLI in Combination with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel:  Hypothyroidism occurred in 12% (30/241) of patients receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, all of which were Grade 2. Hypothyroidism led to discontinuation of JEMPERLI in 1 patient and resolved in 23% (7/30) of patients. JEMPERLI was withheld for 5 patients and all reinitiated treatment with JEMPERLI. Thyroid hormone replacement was required for 27 of the 30 patients with hypothyroidism. 
                                    JEMPERLI as a Single Agent:  Hypothyroidism occurred in 8% (46/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI as a single agent, all of which were Grade 2. Hypothyroidism did not lead to discontinuation of JEMPERLI and resolved in 37% (17/46) of patients. JEMPERLI was withheld for 2 patients and both reinitiated treatment. Thyroid hormone replacement therapy was required for 45 of the 46 patients with hypothyroidism. 
                         
                            Hyperthyroidism: JEMPERLI in Combination with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel:  Hyperthyroidism occurred in 3.3% (8/241) of patients receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, including Grade 2 (2.9%) and Grade 3 (0.4%). Hyperthyroidism did not lead to discontinuation of JEMPERLI and resolved in 75% (6/8) of patients .  JEMPERLI was withheld for 1 patient and the patient reinitiated treatment. Anti-thyroid therapy was required for 2 of the 8 patients while systemic corticosteroids were required for 1 of the 8 patients with hyperthyroidism. 
                                    JEMPERLI as a Single Agent:  Hyperthyroidism occurred in 2.3% (14/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI as a single agent, including Grade 2 (2.1%) and Grade 3 (0.2%). Hyperthyroidism did not lead to discontinuation of JEMPERLI and resolved in 71% (10/14) of the 14 patients. JEMPERLI was withheld for 2 patients and both reinitiated treatment. Anti-thyroid therapy was required for 10 of the 14 patients with hyperthyroidism. 
                         
                            Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus, Which Can Present with Diabetic Ketoacidosis:  JEMPERLI can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, which can present with diabetic ketoacidosis. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Initiate treatment with insulin as clinically indicated. Withhold or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI depending on severity  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.3 )] . 
                                    JEMPERLI in Combination with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel:  Type 1 diabetes mellitus (Grade 3) occurred in 0.4% (1/241) of patients receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel. Type 1 diabetes mellitus led to withholding JEMPERLI; the patient reinitiated treatment and required long-term insulin therapy. 
                                    JEMPERLI as a Single Agent:  Type 1 diabetes mellitus occurred in 0.2% (1/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI as a single agent, which was Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus did not result in treatment discontinuation and did not resolve. 
                         
                            Immune-Mediated Nephritis with Renal Dysfunction 
                         
                         JEMPERLI can cause immune-mediated nephritis, which can be fatal. Nephritis, including tubulointerstitial nephritis, occurred in 0.5% (3/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI; all were Grade 2. Nephritis led to discontinuation of JEMPERLI in 1 (0.2%) patient and resolved in all patients. JEMPERLI was withheld for 1 patient and the patient reinitiated treatment. Systemic corticosteroids were required in 2 of the 3 patients experiencing nephritis. 
                         
                            Immune-Mediated Dermatologic Adverse Reactions 
                         
                         JEMPERLI can cause immune-mediated rash or dermatitis. Bullous and exfoliative dermatitis, including Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), and drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS), have occurred with PD‑1/PD‑L1–blocking antibodies. Topical emollients and/or topical corticosteroids may be adequate to treat mild to moderate non-bullous/exfoliative rashes. Withhold or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI depending on severity  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.3 )] . 
                         
                            Other Immune-Mediated Adverse Reactions 
                         
                         The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in <1% of the 605 patients treated with JEMPERLI or were reported with the use of other PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibodies. Severe or fatal cases have been reported for some of these adverse reactions. 
                         
                            Nervous System:  Meningitis, encephalitis, myelitis and demyelination, myasthenic syndrome/myasthenia gravis, Guillain‑Barré syndrome, nerve paresis, autoimmune neuropathy. 
                         
                            Cardiac/Vascular:  Myocarditis, pericarditis, vasculitis. 
                         
                            Ocular:  Uveitis, iritis, other ocular inflammatory toxicities. Some cases can be associated with retinal detachment. Various grades of visual impairment to include blindness can occur. If uveitis occurs in combination with other immune‑mediated adverse reactions, consider a Vogt‑Koyanagi-Harada-like syndrome, as this may require treatment with systemic steroids to reduce the risk of permanent vision loss. 
                         
                            Gastrointestinal:  Pancreatitis, including increases in serum amylase and lipase levels, gastritis, duodenitis. 
                         
                            Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue:  Myositis/polymyositis, rhabdomyolysis and associated sequelae including renal failure, arthritis, polymyalgia rheumatica. 
                         
                            Endocrine:  Hypoparathyroidism. 
                         
                            Other (Hematologic/Immune):  Autoimmune hemolytic anemia, aplastic anemia, hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, systemic inflammatory response syndrome, histiocytic necrotizing lymphadenitis (Kikuchi lymphadenitis), sarcoidosis, immune thrombocytopenia, solid organ transplant rejection, other transplant (including corneal graft) rejection. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      5.2	Infusion-Related Reactions  
                      
                         Severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported with PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibodies. Severe infusion-related reactions (Grade 3) occurred in 0.2% (1/605) of patients receiving JEMPERLI. All patients recovered from the infusion-related reactions. 
                         Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion or permanently discontinue JEMPERLI based on severity of reaction  [see Dosage and Administration ( 2.3 )] . 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      5.3	Complications of Allogeneic HSCT 
                      
                         Fatal and other serious complications can occur in patients who receive allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) before or after being treated with a PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibody. Transplant-related complications include hyperacute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), acute GVHD, chronic GVHD, hepatic veno-occlusive disease after reduced intensity conditioning, and steroid-requiring febrile syndrome (without an identified infectious cause). These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1/PD-L1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. 
                         Follow patients closely for evidence of transplant-related complications and intervene promptly. Consider the benefit versus risks of treatment with a PD-1/PD-L1–blocking antibody prior to or after an allogeneic HSCT. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      5.4	Embryo-Fetal Toxicity 
                      
                         Based on its mechanism of action, JEMPERLI can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Animal studies have demonstrated that inhibition of the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway can lead to increased risk of immune-mediated rejection of the developing fetus, resulting in fetal death. Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with JEMPERLI and for 4 months after the last dose  [see Use in Specific Populations ( 8.1 ,  8.3 )] . 
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                6	ADVERSE REACTIONS  
                
                   The following clinically significant adverse reactions are described elsewhere in the labeling: 
                   
                      
                         • Severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] 
                      
                      
                         • Infusion-related reactions  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.2 )] 
                      
                   
                
                
                
                   
                      
                         
                            
                               • Most common adverse reactions (≥20%), including laboratory abnormalities, with JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel in patients with EC are decreased hemoglobin, increased creatinine, peripheral neuropathy, decreased white blood cell count, fatigue, nausea, alopecia, decreased platelets, increased glucose, decreased lymphocytes, decreased magnesium, decreased neutrophils, increased aspartate aminotransferase (AST), arthralgia, rash, constipation, diarrhea, increased alanine aminotransferase (ALT), decreased potassium, decreased albumin, decreased sodium, increased alkaline phosphatase, abdominal pain, dyspnea, decreased appetite, increased amylase, decreased phosphate, urinary tract infection, and vomiting. ( 6.1 ) 
                            
                               • Most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with JEMPERLI as a single agent in patients with dMMR solid tumors are fatigue/asthenia, anemia, diarrhea, and nausea. Most common Grade 3 or 4 laboratory abnormalities (≥2%) are decreased lymphocytes, decreased sodium, increased alkaline phosphatase, and decreased albumin. ( 6.1 ) 
                         
                         
                            To report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact GlaxoSmithKline at 1-888-825-5249 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or  www.fda.gov/medwatch . 
                         
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      6.1	Clinical Trials Experience  
                      
                         Because clinical trials are conducted under widely varying conditions, adverse reaction rates observed in the clinical trials of a drug cannot be directly compared with rates in the clinical trials of another drug and may not reflect the rates observed in practice. 
                         The safety population described in the  Warnings and Precautions  for use of JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel was evaluated in 241 patients with primary advanced or recurrent EC in the randomized, double-blind, active-controlled RUBY trial. 
                         Additionally, the pooled safety population described in  Warnings and Precautions  reflects exposure to JEMPERLI as a single agent in 605 patients with advanced or recurrent solid tumors in the non-randomized, open-label, multicohort GARNET trial that enrolled 314 patients with EC and 291 patients with other solid tumors. JEMPERLI was administered intravenously at doses of 500 mg every 3 weeks for 4 cycles followed by 1,000 mg every 6 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Among the 605 patients, 32% were exposed for >1 year and 19% were exposed for >2 years. 
                         
                            Primary Advanced or Recurrent Endometrial Cancer: JEMPERLI in Combination with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                         
                         The safety of JEMPERLI in patients with primary advanced or recurrent EC was evaluated in RUBY  [see Clinical Studies (14.1)] . Patients received JEMPERLI 500 mg (n = 241) or placebo (n = 246) in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel every 3 weeks for 6 cycles followed by JEMPERLI 1,000 mg or placebo every 6 weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Among the 241 patients, 38.6% were exposed for >1 year and 24.1% were exposed for >2 years. 
                         Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39% of patients receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel; the most common serious adverse reactions were sepsis, including urosepsis (3.7%), and pulmonary embolism (3.3%). Fatal adverse reactions occurred in 1.2% of patients receiving JEMPERLI including septic shock (0.8%) and myelosuppression (0.4%). 
                         In patients receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, JEMPERLI was permanently discontinued due to adverse reactions in 46 patients (19%). Adverse reactions that required permanent discontinuation in ≥2 patients included 3 cases (1.2%) of rash maculo-papular, and 2 cases (0.8%) each of increased alanine aminotransferase (ALT), increased aspartate aminotransferase (AST), diarrhea, pancreatitis, fatigue, pneumonitis, and arthralgia. 
                         Dosage interruptions due to an adverse reaction occurred in 37% of patients who received JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel. Adverse reactions that required dosage interruption in ≥5% of patients who received JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel were anemia, thrombocytopenia, and peripheral neuropathy. 
                         The most common adverse reactions, including laboratory abnormalities (≥20%), were decreased hemoglobin, increased creatinine, peripheral neuropathy, decreased white blood cell count, fatigue, nausea, alopecia, decreased platelets, increased glucose, decreased lymphocytes, decreased magnesium, decreased neutrophils, increased AST, arthralgia, rash, constipation, diarrhea, increased ALT, decreased potassium, decreased albumin, decreased sodium, increased alkaline phosphatase, abdominal pain, dyspnea, decreased appetite, increased amylase, decreased phosphate, urinary tract infection, and vomiting. 
                         
                            Table 3  summarizes the adverse reactions that occurred in ≥20% of patients with primary advanced or recurrent EC receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel in RUBY. 
                         
                            Table 3. Adverse Reactions (≥20%) in Patients with Endometrial Cancer Who Received JEMPERLI with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel in RUBY 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  Graded per National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version 4.03. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     a  Includes neuropathy peripheral and peripheral sensory neuropathy. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     b  Includes fatigue and asthenia. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     c  Includes abdominal pain, abdominal pain upper, abdominal pain lower, gastrointestinal pain, abdominal discomfort, epigastric discomfort, and abdominal tenderness. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     d  Includes rash, rash maculo-papular, palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome, rash pustular, skin exfoliation, and vulvovaginal rash. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     e  Includes dyspnea and dyspnea exertional. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     f  Includes urinary tract infection, urinary tract infection bacterial, cystitis, and pyelonephritis. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Adverse Reaction 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 241 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Placebo withCarboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 246 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Nervous System Disorders 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Peripheral neuropathy a 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     64 
                                  
                                  
                                     4.1 
                                  
                                  
                                     61 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     General 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Fatigue b 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     56 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.3 
                                  
                                  
                                     63 
                                  
                                  
                                     5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Gastrointestinal Disorders 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Nausea 
                                  
                                  
                                     54 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.9 
                                  
                                  
                                     46 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.6 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Constipation 
                                  
                                  
                                     35 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                                  
                                     36 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Diarrhea 
                                  
                                  
                                     32 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.7 
                                  
                                  
                                     29 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.8 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Abdominal pain c 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     24 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.5 
                                  
                                  
                                     29 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Vomiting 
                                  
                                  
                                     20 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.7 
                                  
                                  
                                     20 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.6 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Alopecia 
                                  
                                  
                                     54 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                                  
                                     50 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.2 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Rash d 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     37 
                                  
                                  
                                     7 
                                  
                                  
                                     18 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.2 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Arthralgia 
                                  
                                  
                                     37 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.2 
                                  
                                  
                                     35 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Respiratory, Thoracic and Mediastinal Disorders 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Dyspnea e 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     23 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.7 
                                  
                                  
                                     26 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.8 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased appetite 
                                  
                                  
                                     22 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.1 
                                  
                                  
                                     18 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Infections and Infestations 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Urinary tract infection f 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.3 
                                  
                                  
                                     18 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.6 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         Clinically relevant adverse reactions in <20% of patients with primary advanced or recurrent EC who received JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel included: 
                         
                            Endocrine Disorders:  Hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, thyroiditis, adrenal insufficiency. 
                         
                            Eye Disorders:  Keratitis, uveitis. 
                         
                            Gastrointestinal Disorders:  Colitis, pancreatitis. 
                         
                            Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders:  Type 1 diabetes mellitus. 
                         
                            Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders:  Immune-mediated arthritis. 
                         
                            Respiratory, Thoracic, and Mediastinal Disorders:  Pneumonitis. 
                         
                            Cardiac Disorders:  Myocarditis. 
                         
                            Nervous System Disorders:  Encephalopathy. 
                         
                            Vascular Disorders:  Hypertension, hemorrhage. 
                         
                            Table 4  summarizes the laboratory abnormalities in patients with primary advanced or recurrent EC receiving JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel in RUBY. 
                         
                            Table 4. Select Laboratory Abnormalities that Worsened from Baseline Occurring in ≥20% of Patients with Endometrial Cancer Receiving JEMPERLI with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel in RUBY 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  ALT = alanine aminotransferase; AST = aspartate aminotransferase. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     a  Consists of new onset of laboratory abnormality or worsening of baseline laboratory abnormality. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Laboratory Test 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 241 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Placebo with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 246 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Hematology 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased hemoglobin 
                                  
                                  
                                     79 
                                  
                                  
                                     14 
                                  
                                  
                                     83 
                                  
                                  
                                     16 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased white blood cell count 
                                  
                                  
                                     62 
                                  
                                  
                                     13 
                                  
                                  
                                     58 
                                  
                                  
                                     11 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased platelet count 
                                  
                                  
                                     48 
                                  
                                  
                                     4.1 
                                  
                                  
                                     48 
                                  
                                  
                                     7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased lymphocytes 
                                  
                                  
                                     44 
                                  
                                  
                                     14 
                                  
                                  
                                     39 
                                  
                                  
                                     13 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased neutrophils 
                                  
                                  
                                     42 
                                  
                                  
                                     14 
                                  
                                  
                                     52 
                                  
                                  
                                     18 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Chemistry 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased creatinine 
                                  
                                  
                                     75 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.7 
                                  
                                  
                                     82 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased glucose 
                                  
                                  
                                     47 
                                  
                                  
                                     10 
                                  
                                  
                                     44 
                                  
                                  
                                     10 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased AST 
                                  
                                  
                                     38 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.3 
                                  
                                  
                                     23 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.6 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased ALT 
                                  
                                  
                                     30 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.5 
                                  
                                  
                                     19 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.8 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased albumin 
                                  
                                  
                                     29 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.8 
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased alkaline phosphatase 
                                  
                                  
                                     28 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.7 
                                  
                                  
                                     22 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased amylase 
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                  
                                  
                                     5 
                                  
                                  
                                     11 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.6 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Electrolytes 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased magnesium 
                                  
                                  
                                     44 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.1 
                                  
                                  
                                     47 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased potassium 
                                  
                                  
                                     30 
                                  
                                  
                                     6 
                                  
                                  
                                     29 
                                  
                                  
                                     4.1 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased sodium 
                                  
                                  
                                     29 
                                  
                                  
                                     6 
                                  
                                  
                                     22 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased phosphate 
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.2 
                                  
                                  
                                     18 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.7 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            Mismatch Repair Deficient Recurrent or Advanced Endometrial Cancer: JEMPERLI as a Single Agent  
                         
                         The safety of JEMPERLI was evaluated in GARNET in 150 patients with advanced or recurrent dMMR EC who received at least 1 dose of JEMPERLI  [see Clinical Studies ( 14.1 )] . Patients received JEMPERLI 500 mg every 3 weeks for 4 cycles followed by 1,000 mg every 6 weeks as an intravenous infusion until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy within 2 years of treatment or a medical condition that required immunosuppression were ineligible. Among patients receiving JEMPERLI, 41% were exposed for >1 year and 23% were exposed for >2 years. 
                         A fatal adverse reaction occurred in one patient (0.7%) who received JEMPERLI, due to concurrent immune-mediated encephalitis and urinary tract infection. 
                         Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients receiving JEMPERLI. Serious adverse reactions in >2% of patients included urinary tract infection (4%), sepsis (3.3%), acute kidney injury (2.7%), and abdominal pain (2.7%). 
                         JEMPERLI was permanently discontinued due to adverse reactions in 15 (10%) patients, including increased transaminases, sepsis, bronchitis, pneumonitis, rash, pruritus, pancreatitis, encephalitis, and nephritis. Dosage interruptions due to an adverse reaction occurred in 28% of patients who received JEMPERLI. Adverse reactions that required dosage interruption in >1% of patients who received JEMPERLI were anemia, diarrhea, asthenia, colitis, sepsis, and pneumonitis. 
                         The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) were fatigue/asthenia, anemia, nausea, diarrhea, constipation, vomiting, and rash. 
                         
                            Table 5  summarizes the adverse reactions that occurred in ≥10% of patients with dMMR EC on JEMPERLI in GARNET. 
                         
                            Table 5. Adverse Reactions (≥10%) in Patients with dMMR Endometrial Cancer Who Received JEMPERLI in GARNET 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient. 
                               
                               
                                  Toxicity was graded per National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version 4.03. 
                                     a  Includes fatigue and asthenia. 
                                     b  Includes anemia, decreased hemoglobin, iron deficiency, and iron deficiency anemia. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     c  Includes rash, rash maculo-papular, rash pruritic, erythema, and pemphigoid. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     d  Includes increased alanine aminotransferase, increased aspartate aminotransferase, increased transaminases, and    hypertransaminasemia. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Adverse Reaction 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 150 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     General and administration site 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Fatigue a 
                                     
                                          Pyrexia 
                                  
                                  
                                     49 
                                     13 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.3 
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Blood and lymphatic system 
                                          Anemia b 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     35 
                                  
                                  
                                     18 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Gastrointestinal 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Nausea 
                                  
                                  
                                     32 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Diarrhea 
                                  
                                  
                                     29 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Constipation 
                                  
                                  
                                     23 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Vomiting 
                                  
                                  
                                     23 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Skin and subcutaneous tissue 
                                          Rash c 
                                     
                                          Pruritus 
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                     19 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                     1.3 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Infections  
                                          Urinary tract infection 
                                  
                                  
                                     19 
                                  
                                  
                                     4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Metabolism and nutrition 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased appetite 
                                  
                                  
                                     15 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Cough 
                                  
                                  
                                     15 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Musculoskeletal and connective tissue 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Myalgia 
                                  
                                  
                                     10 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Investigations 
                                          Increased transaminases d 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     13 
                                  
                                  
                                     4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Endocrine Disorders 
                                          Hypothyroidism 
                                  
                                  
                                     11 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         Clinically relevant adverse reactions in <10% of patients who received JEMPERLI included: 
                         
                            Endocrine Disorders:  Hyperthyroidism, adrenal insufficiency, hypophysitis. 
                         
                            Eye Disorders:  Iridocyclitis, uveitis. 
                         
                            Gastrointestinal Disorders:  Colitis, pancreatitis, enterocolitis, gastritis. 
                         
                            General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions:  Chills. 
                         
                            Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders:  Immune-mediated myositis, immune-mediated arthritis. 
                         
                            Nervous System Disorders:  Encephalitis. 
                         
                            Renal and Urinary Disorders:  Nephritis. 
                         
                            Respiratory, Thoracic, and Mediastinal Disorders:  Pneumonitis, interstitial lung disease. 
                         
                            Table 6  summarizes laboratory abnormalities worsening from baseline to Grade 3 or 4 in ≥1% of patients with dMMR EC on JEMPERLI in GARNET. 
                         
                            Table 6. Laboratory Abnormalities that Worsened from Baseline to Grade 3 or 4 Occurring in ≥1% of Patients with dMMR Endometrial Cancer Receiving JEMPERLI in GARNET 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     a  Consists of new onset of laboratory abnormality or worsening of baseline laboratory abnormality. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Laboratory Test 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 150 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Hematology 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Decreased lymphocytes 
                                  
                                  
                                     46 
                                  
                                  
                                     15 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Decreased leukocytes 
                                         Decreased neutrophils 
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                     17 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                     2.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Chemistry 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Decreased albumin 
                                  
                                  
                                     36 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Increased creatinine 
                                  
                                  
                                     33 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Increased alkaline phosphatase 
                                  
                                  
                                     31 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Increased aspartate aminotransferase 
                                  
                                  
                                     31 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Increased alanine aminotransferase 
                                  
                                  
                                     25 
                                  
                                  
                                     4.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Electrolytes 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Decreased sodium 
                                         Decreased magnesium 
                                         Decreased potassium 
                                  
                                  
                                     29 
                                     28 
                                     22 
                                  
                                  
                                     5 
                                     2 
                                     2 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Increased calcium 
                                  
                                  
                                     8 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            Mismatch Repair Deficient Recurrent or Advanced Solid Tumors 
                         
                         The safety of JEMPERLI was investigated in 267 patients with recurrent or advanced dMMR solid tumors enrolled in GARNET  [see Clinical Studies ( 14.2 )] . Patients received JEMPERLI 500 mg every 3 weeks for 4 cycles followed by 1,000 mg every 6 weeks as an intravenous infusion until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy within 2 years of treatment or a medical condition that required immunosuppression were ineligible. The median duration of exposure to JEMPERLI was 25 weeks (range: 1 to 139 weeks). 
                         Serious adverse reactions occurred in 34% of patients receiving JEMPERLI. Serious adverse reactions in >2% of patients included abdominal pain (3.7%), sepsis (2.6%), and acute kidney injury (2.2%). Fatal adverse reaction occurred in 1 patient who received JEMPERLI due to respiratory failure. 
                         JEMPERLI was permanently discontinued due to adverse reactions in 9% patients; the most common adverse reaction (≥1%) leading to discontinuation was increased alanine aminotransferase (1.1%). 
                         Dosage interruptions due to an adverse reaction occurred in 23% of patients who received JEMPERLI. Adverse reactions that required dosage interruption in ≥1% of patients who received JEMPERLI were anemia, pneumonitis, diarrhea, adrenal insufficiency, increased alanine aminotransferase, and increased aspartate aminotransferase. 
                         The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) were fatigue/asthenia, anemia, diarrhea, and nausea. 
                         
                            Table 7  summarizes the adverse reactions that occurred in ≥10% of patients with dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors in GARNET. 
                         
                            Table 7. Adverse Reactions (≥10%) in Patients with dMMR Recurrent or Advanced Solid Tumors in GARNET 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient. 
                               
                               
                                  Toxicity was graded per National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version 4.03. 
                                     a  Includes fatigue and asthenia. 
                                     b  Includes anemia, decreased hemoglobin, iron deficiency, and iron deficiency anemia. 
                                     c  Includes rash, rash maculopapular, rash macular, rash erythematous, rash papular, erythema, toxic skin eruption, and pemphigoid. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     d  Includes increased alanine aminotransferase, increased aspartate aminotransferase, increased transaminases, and   hypertransaminasemia. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Adverse Reaction 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 267 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     General and administration site 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Fatigue a 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     42 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Pyrexia 
                                  
                                  
                                     12 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Blood and lymphatic system 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Anemia b 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     30 
                                  
                                  
                                     11 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Gastrointestinal 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Diarrhea 
                                  
                                  
                                     25 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Nausea 
                                  
                                  
                                     22 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Vomiting 
                                  
                                  
                                     17 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Constipation 
                                  
                                  
                                     16 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Skin and subcutaneous tissue 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Pruritus 
                                  
                                  
                                     15 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Rash c 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     14 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Cough 
                                  
                                  
                                     13 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Metabolism and nutrition 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased appetite 
                                  
                                  
                                     12 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Investigations 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased transaminases d 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     12 
                                  
                                  
                                     3 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         Clinically relevant adverse reactions in <10% of patients who received JEMPERLI included: 
                         
                            Endocrine Disorders:  Hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, adrenal insufficiency, hypophysitis, autoimmune thyroiditis. 
                         
                            Eye Disorders:  Uveitis. 
                         
                            Gastrointestinal Disorders:  Colitis, enterocolitis, enterocolitis hemorrhage, pancreatitis, acute pancreatitis. 
                         
                            General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions:  Chills. 
                         
                            Injury, Poisoning, and Procedural Complications:  Infusion related reaction. 
                         
                            Hepatobiliary Disorders:  Hepatocellular injury. 
                         
                            Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders:  Myalgia. 
                         
                            Renal and Urinary Disorders:  Nephritis, tubulointerstitial nephritis. 
                         
                            Respiratory, Thoracic, and Mediastinal Disorders:  Pneumonitis, interstitial lung disease. 
                         
                            Table 8  summarizes laboratory abnormalities worsening from baseline to Grade 3 or 4 in ≥1% of patients with dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors in GARNET. 
                         
                            Table 8. Laboratory Abnormalities that Worsened from Baseline to Grade 3 or 4 Occurring in ≥1% of Patients with dMMR Recurrent or Advanced Solid Tumors in GARNET 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     a  Consists of new onset of laboratory abnormality or worsening of baseline laboratory abnormality. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Laboratory Test 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 267 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        All Grades a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Grade 3 or 4 a 
                                        
                                     
                                     
                                        % 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Hematology 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased lymphocytes 
                                  
                                  
                                     33 
                                  
                                  
                                     7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased leukocytes 
                                  
                                  
                                     18 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.1 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased neutrophils 
                                  
                                  
                                     12 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Chemistry 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased albumin 
                                  
                                  
                                     26 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.2 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased alkaline phosphatase  
                                  
                                  
                                     26 
                                  
                                  
                                     3.4 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased aspartate aminotransferase  
                                  
                                  
                                     26 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased alanine aminotransferase  
                                  
                                  
                                     22 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.9 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased creatinine  
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.1 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased total bilirubin  
                                  
                                  
                                     7 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Electrolytes 
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased sodium 
                                  
                                  
                                     21 
                                  
                                  
                                     4.9 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased magnesium 
                                  
                                  
                                     16 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.1 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased potassium 
                                  
                                  
                                     14 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.1 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased potassium 
                                  
                                  
                                     14 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.1 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased calcium 
                                  
                                  
                                     6 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.1 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Increased magnesium 
                                  
                                  
                                     4.1 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Decreased calcium 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.6 
                                  
                                  
                                     1.5 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                8	USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS  
                
                
                   
                      
                         Lactation: Advise not to breastfeed. ( 8.2 ) 
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      8.1	Pregnancy  
                      
                         
                            Risk Summary 
                         
                         Based on its mechanism of action, JEMPERLI can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman  [see Clinical Pharmacology ( 12.1 )] . There are no available data on the use of JEMPERLI in pregnant women. Animal studies have demonstrated that inhibition of the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway can lead to increased risk of immune-mediated rejection of the developing fetus resulting in fetal death  (see ) . Human IgG4 immunoglobulins (IgG4) are known to cross the placental barrier; therefore, dostarlimab-gxly has the potential to be transmitted from the mother to the developing fetus. Advise women of the potential risk to a fetus. 
                         In the U.S. general population, the estimated background risk of major birth defects and miscarriage in clinically recognized pregnancies is 2% to 4% and 15% to 20%, respectively. 
                         
                            Data 
                         
                         
                            Animal Data:  Animal reproduction studies have not been conducted with JEMPERLI to evaluate its effect on reproduction and fetal development. A central function of the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway is to preserve pregnancy by maintaining maternal immune tolerance to the fetus. In murine models of pregnancy, blockade of PD-L1 signaling has been shown to disrupt tolerance to the fetus and to result in an increase in fetal loss; therefore, potential risks of administering JEMPERLI during pregnancy include increased rates of abortion or stillbirth. As reported in the literature, there were no malformations related to the blockade of PD-1/PD-L1 signaling in the offspring of these animals; however, immune-mediated disorders occurred in PD-1 and PD-L1 knockout mice. Based on its mechanism of action, fetal exposure to dostarlimab-gxly may increase the risk of developing immune-mediated disorders or altering the normal immune response. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      8.2	Lactation  
                      
                         
                            Risk Summary 
                         
                         There is no information regarding the presence of dostarlimab-gxly in human milk or its effects on the breastfed child or on milk production. Maternal IgG is known to be present in human milk. The effects of local gastrointestinal exposure and limited systemic exposure in the breastfed child to JEMPERLI are unknown. Because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in a breastfed child, advise women not to breastfeed during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of JEMPERLI. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      8.3	Females and Males of Reproductive Potential  
                      
                         JEMPERLI can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman  [see Use in Specific Populations ( 8.1 )] . 
                         
                            Pregnancy Testing 
                         
                         Verify pregnancy status in females of reproductive potential prior to initiating JEMPERLI  [see Use in Specific Populations ( 8.1 )] . 
                         
                            Contraception 
                         
                         
                            Females:  Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with JEMPERLI and for 4 months after the last dose. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      8.4	Pediatric Use  
                      
                         The safety and efficacy of JEMPERLI have not been established in pediatric patients. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      8.5	Geriatric Use  
                      
                         
                            In Combination with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                         
                         Of the 241 patients treated with JEMPERLI in RUBY, 52.3% were younger than 65 years, 36.5% were aged 65 through 74 years, and 11.2% were 75 years or older. No overall differences in safety or effectiveness were observed between these patients and younger patients. 
                         
                            As a Single Agent 
                         
                         Of the 605 patients treated with JEMPERLI in GARNET, 51.6% were younger than 65 years, 36.9% were aged 65 through 74 years, and 11.5% were 75 years or older. No overall differences in safety or effectiveness were observed between these patients and younger patients. 
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                11	DESCRIPTION  
                
                   Dostarlimab-gxly is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)–blocking IgG 4  humanized monoclonal antibody. Dostarlimab‑gxly is produced in Chinese hamster ovary cells and has a calculated molecular weight of about 144 kDa. 
                   JEMPERLI (dostarlimab-gxly) injection is a sterile, clear to slightly opalescent, colorless to yellow solution essentially free from visible particles. It is supplied as single-dose vials. 
                   Each vial contains 500 mg of JEMPERLI in 10 mL of solution with a pH of 6. Each mL of solution contains 50 mg of dostarlimab-gxly, citric acid monohydrate (0.48 mg), L-arginine hydrochloride (21.07 mg), polysorbate 80 (0.2 mg), sodium chloride (1.81 mg), trisodium citrate dihydrate (6.68 mg), and Water for Injection, USP. 
                
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                12	CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY  
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      12.1	Mechanism of Action  
                      
                         Binding of the PD-1 ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, to the PD-1 receptor found on T cells inhibits T-cell proliferation and cytokine production. Upregulation of PD-1 ligands occurs in some tumors, and signaling through this pathway can contribute to inhibition of active T-cell immune surveillance of tumors. Dostarlimab-gxly is a humanized monoclonal antibody of the IgG4 isotype that binds to the PD-1 receptor and blocks its interaction with PD-L1 and PD-L2, releasing PD-1 pathway-mediated inhibition of the immune response, including the anti-tumor immune response. In syngeneic mouse tumor models, blocking PD-1 activity resulted in decreased tumor growth. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      12.2	Pharmacodynamics  
                      
                         The exposure-response relationship and time course of pharmacodynamic response for safety and effectiveness of dostarlimab-gxly have not been fully characterized. 
                         Dostarlimab-gxly provides sustained target engagement as measured by direct PD-1 binding and stimulation of IL-2 production throughout the dosing interval at the recommended dosage. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      12.3	Pharmacokinetics  
                      
                         The pharmacokinetics of dostarlimab-gxly as a single agent and in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel were evaluated in patients with various solid tumors, including patients with EC. Mean C max , AUC 0-inf , and AUC 0-tau  increased proportionally over the dose range of 1 to 10 mg/kg. The Cycle 1 mean (coefficient of variation [%CV]) C max  and AUC 0-tau  of dostarlimab-gxly as a single agent were 171 mcg/mL (20%) and 35,730 mcg*h/mL (20%), respectively at the dosage of 500 mg once every 3 weeks and 309 mcg/mL (31%) and 95,820 mcg*h/mL (29%), respectively at the dosage of 1,000 mg every 6 weeks. 
                         
                            Distribution 
                         
                         The mean (%CV) volume of distribution of dostarlimab-gxly at steady state is approximately 5.8 L (15%). 
                         
                            Elimination 
                         
                         The mean terminal elimination half-life of dostarlimab-gxly at steady state is 23.5 days and its mean (%CV) clearance at steady state is 0.007 L/h (30%). 
                         
                            Metabolism:  Dostarlimab-gxly is expected to be metabolized into small peptides and amino acids by catabolic pathways. 
                         
                            Specific Populations 
                         
                         No clinically significant differences in the pharmacokinetics of dostarlimab-gxly were observed based on age (24 to 86 years), sex, race/ethnicity (75% White, 2% Asian, and 5% African American), tumor type, and renal impairment based on the estimated creatinine clearance (eGFR ≥15 mL/min/1.73 m 2 ), and mild to moderate hepatic impairment [total bilirubin (TB) >ULN to 3 times ULN or AST>ULN to any AST]. 
                         
                            Drug Interaction Studies 
                         
                         Dostarlimab exposure when administered in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel was comparable to single agent exposure and there was no evidence to suggest a clinically relevant change of dostarlimab-gxly clearance over time in patients with recurrent or advanced EC. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      12.6	Immunogenicity  
                      
                         The observed incidence of anti-drug antibodies is highly dependent on the sensitivity and specificity of the assay. Differences in assay methods preclude meaningful comparisons of the incidence of anti-drug antibodies in the studies described below with the incidence of anti-drug antibodies in other studies, including those of JEMPERLI or of other dostarlimab-gxly products. 
                         The immunogenicity of dostarlimab-gxly was evaluated in RUBY at a dosage of 500 mg every 3 weeks for 6 cycles followed by 1,000 mg every 6 weeks thereafter; there was no formation of anti-drug antibodies and neutralizing antibodies in 225 patients receiving JEMPERLI at the recommended dosage. 
                         The immunogenicity of dostarlimab-gxly was evaluated in GARNET at a dose of 500 mg every 3 weeks for 4 cycles followed by 1,000 mg every 6 weeks thereafter. Anti‑drug antibodies against dostarlimab-gxly were detected in 2.1% (8/384) of patients who received JEMPERLI at the recommended dosage. Neutralizing antibodies were detected in 1% (4/384) of patients. 
                         Because of the small number of patients who developed anti-drug antibodies, the effect of immunogenicity on the pharmacokinetics, efficacy, and safety of dostarlimab-gxly is inconclusive. 
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                13	NONCLINICAL TOXICOLOGY  
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      13.1	Carcinogenesis, Mutagenesis, Impairment of Fertility  
                      
                         No studies have been performed to assess the potential of dostarlimab-gxly for carcinogenicity or genotoxicity. 
                         Fertility studies have not been conducted with dostarlimab-gxly. In 1- and 3-month repeat‑dose toxicology studies in monkeys, there were no notable effects in the male and female reproductive organs; however, many animals in these studies were not sexually mature. 
                      
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      13.2	Animal Toxicology and/or Pharmacology  
                      
                         In animal models, inhibition of PD-L1/PD-1 signaling increased the severity of some infections and enhanced inflammatory responses.  Mycobacterium tuberculosis -infected PD-1 knockout mice exhibit markedly decreased survival compared with wild-type controls, which correlated with increased bacterial proliferation and inflammatory responses in these animals. PD-1 blockade using a primate anti-PD-1 antibody was also shown to exacerbate  M. tuberculosis  infection in rhesus macaques. PD-L1 and PD-1 knockout mice and mice receiving PD-L1–blocking antibody have also shown decreased survival following infection with lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus. 
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                14	CLINICAL STUDIES  
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      14.1	Endometrial Cancer  
                      
                         
                            In Combination with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel for the Treatment of Primary Advanced or Recurrent Endometrial Cancer 
                         
                         The efficacy of JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, followed by JEMPERLI as a single agent, was evaluated in RUBY (NCT03981796), a randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted in 494 patients with primary advanced or recurrent EC. 
                         The trial enrolled patients with primary Stage III or Stage IV disease (per FIGO Staging Classification), including Stage IIIA to IIIC1 patients with evaluable or measurable disease, Stage IIIC1 patients with carcinosarcoma, clear cell, serous, or mixed histology regardless of presence of evaluable or measurable disease, Stage IIIC2 or Stage IV disease regardless of presence of evaluable or measurable disease. The trial also enrolled patients with first recurrent disease with a low potential for cure by radiation therapy or surgery alone or in combination, including patients who were naïve to systemic anticancer therapy or who had received prior neo-adjuvant/adjuvant systemic anticancer therapy and had a recurrence or disease progression ≥6 months after completing treatment. 
                         Patients were randomized (1:1) to one of the following treatments arms: 
                         
                            
                               • JEMPERLI 500 mg, carboplatin AUC 5 mg/mL/min, paclitaxel 175 mg/m 2  intravenously on Day 1 of each 21-day cycle for 6 cycles followed by JEMPERLI 1,000 mg intravenously every 6 weeks. JEMPERLI was administered prior to chemotherapy on Day 1. 
                            
                               • Placebo, carboplatin AUC 5 mg/mL/min, paclitaxel 175 mg/m 2  intravenously on Day 1 of each 21-day cycle for 6 cycles followed by placebo intravenously every 6 weeks. 
                         
                         Randomization was stratified by mismatch repair (MMR)/microsatellite instability (MSI) status, prior external pelvic radiotherapy, and disease status (recurrent, primary Stage III, or primary Stage IV). Treatment with JEMPERLI continued until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or a maximum of 3 years. Administration of JEMPERLI was permitted beyond disease progression (defined by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors [RECIST] v1.1) if the patient was clinically stable and considered to be deriving clinical benefit by the investigator. 
                         Assessment of tumor status was performed every 6 weeks through Week 25, every 9 weeks through Week 52 and every 12 weeks thereafter. The major efficacy outcomes were Progression-Free Survival (PFS) using RECIST v1.1 as assessed by investigator in the dMMR/MSI-H and overall populations, and Overall Survival (OS) in the overall population. Additional efficacy outcome measures included Objective Response Rate (ORR) per RECIST v1.1 as assessed by investigator and Duration of Response (DOR). 
                         Among the 494 patients evaluated, the baseline characteristics were: median age 65 years (51% aged 65 years or older); 77% White, 12% Black, 3% Asian, 3% Hispanic or Latino; Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) Performance Status 0 (63%) or 1 (37%); and primary stage III (18%); primary stage IV (34%) and recurrent EC (48%). Overall, 24% were dMMR/MSI-H tumors and 76% were mismatch repair proficient (MMRp)/microsatellite stable (MSS) tumors. 
                         Efficacy results are presented in  Table 9  and Figures ,  and . Treatment with JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel demonstrated statistically significant improvements in OS in the overall population and PFS in both the dMMR/MSI-H and overall population versus placebo in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel. Pre-specified exploratory analyses of PFS and OS were performed in patients with MMRp/MSS EC. 
                         
                            Table 9. Efficacy Results of Endometrial Cancer Population in RUBY 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient; MSI-H = Microsatellite Instability-High; NR = Not Reached; + = ongoing at last assessment. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     a  Based on stratified Cox regression model. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     b  One-sided P-value based on stratified log-rank test. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     c  Confirmed responses. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Endpoint 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Overall Population 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        dMMR/MSI-H Population 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 245 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Placebo with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 249 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI with Carboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 60 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Placebo withCarboplatin and Paclitaxel 
                                     
                                     
                                        N = 62 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Overall Survival (OS) 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Number (%) of patients with event 
                                  
                                  
                                     109 (44) 
                                  
                                  
                                     144 (58) 
                                  
                                  
                                     15 (25) 
                                  
                                  
                                     35 (56) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Median in months 
                                           (95% CI) 
                                  
                                  
                                     44.6 
                                     (32.6, NR) 
                                  
                                  
                                     28.2 
                                     (22.1, 35.6) 
                                  
                                  
                                     NR 
                                     (NR, NR) 
                                  
                                  
                                     30.8 
                                     (18.7, NR) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Hazard ratio (95% CI) a 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     0.69 (0.54, 0.89) 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.34 (0.18, 0.62) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                           P -value b 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     0.002 
                                  
                                  
                                     Not tested 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Progression-Free Survival (PFS) 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Number (%) of patients with event 
                                  
                                  
                                     135 (55) 
                                  
                                  
                                     177 (71) 
                                  
                                  
                                     23 (38) 
                                  
                                  
                                     47 (76) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Median in months  
                                           (95% CI) 
                                  
                                  
                                     11.8 
                                     (9.6, 17.1) 
                                  
                                  
                                     7.9 
                                     (7.6, 9.5) 
                                  
                                  
                                     30.3 
                                     (11.8, NR) 
                                  
                                  
                                     7.7 
                                     (5.6, 9.7) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Hazard ratio (95% CI) a 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     0.64 (0.51, 0.80) 
                                  
                                  
                                     0.29 (0.17, 0.50) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                           P- value b 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     <0.0001 
                                  
                                  
                                     <0.0001 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Objective Response Rate (ORR) 
                                        c 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Number of participants with measurable disease at baseline (n) 
                                  
                                  
                                     172 
                                  
                                  
                                     185 
                                  
                                  
                                     42 
                                  
                                  
                                     45 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          ORR (95% CI) 
                                  
                                  
                                     68% 
                                     (60, 75) 
                                  
                                  
                                     57% 
                                     (50, 65) 
                                  
                                  
                                     74% 
                                     (58, 86) 
                                  
                                  
                                     62% 
                                     (47, 76) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Complete response rate 
                                  
                                  
                                     20% 
                                  
                                  
                                     12% 
                                  
                                  
                                     26% 
                                  
                                  
                                     11% 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Partial response rate 
                                  
                                  
                                     48% 
                                  
                                  
                                     45% 
                                  
                                  
                                     48% 
                                  
                                  
                                     51% 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Duration of Response (DOR) 
                                        c 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                          Median in months (range) 
                                  
                                  
                                     10.8 
                                     (1.3+, 28.9+) 
                                  
                                  
                                     6.4 
                                     (1.4+, 27.2+) 
                                  
                                  
                                     NR 
                                     (3.4, 28.3+) 
                                  
                                  
                                     5.4 
                                     (2.7, 27.2+) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         In patients with MMRp/MSS EC (n = 372), the OS hazard ratio (HR) was 0.82 (95% CI: 0.62, 1.08) with a median OS of 32.5 (95% CI: 28.6, NR) months for JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel versus 28.2 (95% CI: 21.9, 36.1) months for placebo in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel. The PFS HR was 0.78 (95% CI: 0.60, 1.00) with a median PFS of 9.8 (95% CI: 9.0, 12.6) months for JEMPERLI in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel (n = 185) versus 7.9 (95% CI: 7.6, 9.8) months for placebo in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel (n = 187). 
                         
                            Figure 1. Kaplan-Meier Curve for Overall Survival in Patients (Overall Population) with Endometrial Cancer in RUBY 
                         
                         
                         
                            Figure 2. Kaplan-Meier Curve for Progression-Free Survival in Patients (Overall Population) with Endometrial Cancer in RUBY 
                         
                         
                         
                            Figure 3. Kaplan-Meier Curve for Progression-Free Survival in Patients with dMMR/MSI-H Endometrial Cancer in RUBY 
                         
                         
                         dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient; MSI-H = Microsatellite Instability High. 
                         
                            As a Single Agent for the Treatment of dMMR Recurrent or Advanced Endometrial Cancer 
                         
                         The efficacy of JEMPERLI as a single agent was evaluated in the GARNET trial (NCT02715284), a multicenter, multicohort, open-label trial conducted in patients with advanced solid tumors. The efficacy population consisted of a cohort of 141 patients with dMMR recurrent or advanced EC who had progressed on or after treatment with a platinum‑containing regimen. Patients with prior treatment with PD‑1/PD‑L1–blocking antibodies or other immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy and patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy with immunosuppressant agents within 2 years were excluded from the trial. 
                         Patients received JEMPERLI 500 mg intravenously every 3 weeks for 4 doses followed by 1,000 mg intravenously every 6 weeks. Treatment continued until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The major efficacy outcome measures were ORR and DOR as assessed by blinded independent central review (BICR) according to the RECIST v 1.1. 
                         The baseline characteristics were: median age 65 years (53% aged 65 years or older); 77% White, 4% Asian, 3% Black, 4% Hispanic or Latino; and Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status 0 (38%) or 1 (62%). 
                         The most common histology seen was endometrioid carcinoma type 1 (65%), Grade 3 endometrioid (15%), followed by serous (5%), mixed (5%) and undifferentiated (2.8%). 
                         All patients with dMMR EC had received prior anticancer treatment, with 89% of patients receiving prior anticancer surgery and 71% receiving prior anticancer radiotherapy. Sixty-three percent of patients had one prior line of anticancer treatment and 37% had two or more prior lines. Forty-eight patients (34%) received treatment only in the neoadjuvant or adjuvant setting before participating in the study. 
                         The dMMR tumor status was retrospectively confirmed using the VENTANA MMR RxDx Panel assay. 
                         Efficacy results are presented in  Table 10 . 
                         
                            Table 10. Efficacy Results of dMMR Endometrial Cancer Population in GARNET 
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient; + = ongoing at last assessment. 
                                     a  Based on confirmed response by blinded independent central review. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     b  Median follow up for duration of response was 27.9 months measured from time of first response. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Endpoint 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI 
                                     
                                     
                                        N   = 141 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Overall response rate a 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         ORR (95% CI) 
                                  
                                  
                                     45.4% (37.0, 54.0) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Complete response rate 
                                  
                                  
                                     15.6% 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Partial response rate 
                                  
                                  
                                     29.8% 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Duration of response b 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Median in months 
                                  
                                  
                                     Not reached 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         (range) 
                                  
                                  
                                     (1.2+, 52.8+) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Patients with duration ≥12 months 
                                  
                                  
                                     85.9% 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Patients with duration >24 months 
                                  
                                  
                                     54.7% 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                      
                         
                            Figure 1 
                            
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                         
                            Figure 2 
                            
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                         
                            Figure 3 
                            
                               
                            
                         
                      
                   
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      14.2	Mismatch Repair Deficient Recurrent or Advanced Solid Tumors  
                      
                         The efficacy of JEMPERLI as a single agent was evaluated in GARNET (NCT02715284), a non‑randomized, multicenter, open-label, multicohort trial. The efficacy population consisted of a cohort of 209 patients with dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors who progressed following systemic therapy and had no satisfactory alternative treatment options. Patients with dMMR EC must have progressed on or after treatment with a platinum-containing regimen. Patients with dMMR colorectal cancer must have progressed after or been intolerant to a fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. 
                         Patients with prior treatment with PD‑1/PD‑L1–blocking antibodies or other immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy and patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy with immunosuppressant agents within 2 years were excluded from the trial. 
                         Patients received JEMPERLI 500 mg intravenously every 3 weeks for 4 doses followed by 1,000 mg intravenously every 6 weeks. Treatment continued until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity.  
                         The major efficacy outcome measures were ORR and DOR as determined by a BICR according to RECIST v 1.1. 
                         The baseline characteristics were female (77%); median age 63 years (47% aged 65 years or older); 63% White, 3% Asian, 2% Black; and Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status 0 (39%) or 1 (61%).  
                         At time of trial entry, 97.2% of patients (103/106) with non-endometrial dMMR solid tumors had Stage IV disease, and 68.0% (70/103) of patients with dMMR endometrial tumors had FIGO Stage IV disease. 
                         Approximately 43% of patients had received 1 prior line of systemic anticancer treatment, 36% had received 2 prior lines, and 21% had received 3 or more prior lines. 
                         The dMMR tumor status was retrospectively confirmed using the VENTANA MMR RxDx Panel assay. 
                         Efficacy results are presented in Tables  11  and  12 . 
                         
                            Table 11. Efficacy Results of dMMR Recurrent or Advanced Solid Tumors in GARNET 
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient; + = ongoing at last assessment. 
                                     a  Based on confirmed response by blinded independent central review. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     b  Median follow-up for duration of response was 17.5 months measured from time of first response. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Endpoint 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        JEMPERLI 
                                     
                                     
                                        N   = 209 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Overall response rate a 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         ORR (95% CI) 
                                  
                                  
                                     41.6% (34.9, 48.6) 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Complete response rate 
                                  
                                  
                                     9.1% 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Partial response rate 
                                  
                                  
                                     32.5% 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     Duration of response b 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Median in months 
                                  
                                  
                                     34.7 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         (range) 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.6, 35.8+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Patients with duration ≥6 months 
                                  
                                  
                                     95.4% 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            Table 12. Efficacy Results of dMMR Tumor Types in GARNET 
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
                               
                                  CR = complete response; CRC = colorectal cancer; dMMR = Mismatch Repair Deficient; DOR = Duration of Response; EC = endometrial cancer; ORR = Overall Response Rate; PD = progressive disease; PR = partial response; SD = stable disease; + = ongoing at last assessment. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     a  Exact, 2-sided 95% CI for binomial proportion. 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        Tumor Type 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Patients 
                                     
                                     
                                        N 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        ORR 
                                     
                                     
                                        (per RECIST v 1.1) 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        DOR 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     
                                        n (%) 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        95% CI a 
                                        
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     
                                        Range (months) 
                                     
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     EC 
                                  
                                  
                                     103 
                                  
                                  
                                     46 (44.7) 
                                  
                                  
                                     (34.9, 54.8) 
                                  
                                  
                                     2.6, 35.8+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     non-EC 
                                  
                                  
                                     106 
                                  
                                  
                                     41 (38.7) 
                                  
                                  
                                     (29.4, 48.6) 
                                  
                                  
                                     5.6, 30.1+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         CRC 
                                  
                                  
                                     69 
                                  
                                  
                                     25 (36.2) 
                                  
                                  
                                     (25.0, 48.7) 
                                  
                                  
                                     5.6, 30.1+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Small intestinal cancer 
                                  
                                  
                                     12 
                                  
                                  
                                     4 (33.3) 
                                  
                                  
                                     (9.9, 65.1) 
                                  
                                  
                                     11.1+, 28.0+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Gastric cancers 
                                  
                                  
                                     8 
                                  
                                  
                                     3 (37.5) 
                                  
                                  
                                     (8.5, 75.5) 
                                  
                                  
                                     8.4+, 17.5 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Pancreatic carcinoma 
                                  
                                  
                                     4 
                                  
                                  
                                     0 (0.0) 
                                  
                                  
                                     (0.0, 60.2) 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Biliary neoplasm 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                  
                                  
                                     CR, CR 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     8.4+, 13.5+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Liver cancer 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                  
                                  
                                     PR, PD 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     13.8+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Ovarian cancer 
                                  
                                  
                                     2 
                                  
                                  
                                     PR, SD 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     25.1+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Adrenal cortical 
                                  
                                  
                                     1 
                                  
                                  
                                     PR 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     19.5+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Breast cancer 
                                  
                                  
                                     1 
                                  
                                  
                                     CR 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     16.8+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Esophageal cancer 
                                  
                                  
                                     1 
                                  
                                  
                                     PD 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Genital neoplasm malignant female 
                                  
                                  
                                     1 
                                  
                                  
                                     PR 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     22.2+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Pleural 
                                  
                                  
                                     1 
                                  
                                  
                                     PR 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     15.2+ 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Renal cell carcinoma 
                                  
                                  
                                     1 
                                  
                                  
                                     SD 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  
                                         Unknown origin 
                                  
                                  
                                     1 
                                  
                                  
                                     PR 
                                  
                                  
                                     NA 
                                  
                                  
                                     20.4+ 
                                  
                               
                            
                         
                      
                      
                   
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                16	HOW SUPPLIED/STORAGE AND HANDLING  
                
                   JEMPERLI (dostarlimab-gxly) injection is a clear to slightly opalescent, colorless to yellow solution supplied in a carton containing one 500 mg/10 mL (50 mg/mL), single-dose vial (NDC 0173-0898-03). 
                   Store vial refrigerated at 2°C to 8°C (36°F to 46°F) in original carton to protect from light. Do not freeze or shake. 
                
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                17	PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION  
                
                   Advise the patient to read the FDA-approved patient labeling (Medication Guide). 
                   
                      Immune-Mediated Adverse Reactions 
                   
                   Inform patients of the risk of immune-mediated adverse reactions that may be severe or fatal, may occur after discontinuation of treatment, and may require corticosteroid or other treatment and interruption or discontinuation of JEMPERLI. These reactions may include: 
                   
                      
                         • Pneumonitis: Advise patients to contact their healthcare provider immediately for new or worsening cough, chest pain, or shortness of breath  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                      
                         • Colitis: Advise patients to contact their healthcare provider immediately for diarrhea or severe abdominal pain  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                      
                         • Hepatitis: Advise patients to contact their healthcare provider immediately for jaundice, severe nausea or vomiting, or easy bruising or bleeding  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                      
                         • Immune-mediated endocrinopathies: Advise patients to contact their healthcare provider immediately for signs or symptoms of hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, thyroiditis, adrenal insufficiency, hypophysitis, or type 1 diabetes mellitus  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                      
                         • Nephritis: Advise patients to contact their healthcare provider immediately for signs or symptoms of nephritis  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                      
                         • Severe skin reactions: Advise patients to contact their healthcare provider immediately for any signs or symptoms of severe skin reactions, SJS, TEN, or DRESS  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                      
                         • Other immune-mediated adverse reactions: 
                            
                               o Advise patients that immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur and may involve any organ system, and to contact their healthcare provider immediately for any new signs or symptoms  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                            
                               o Advise patients of the risk of solid organ transplant rejection and to contact their healthcare provider immediately for signs or symptoms of organ transplant rejection  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.1 )] . 
                         
                      
                   
                   
                      Infusion-Related Reactions 
                   
                   
                      
                         • Advise patients to contact their healthcare provider immediately for signs or symptoms of infusion-related reactions  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.2 )]. 
                      
                   
                   
                      Complications of Allogeneic HSCT  
                   
                   
                      
                         • Advise patients of the risk of post-allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation complications  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.3 )] . 
                   
                   
                      Embryo-Fetal Toxicity 
                   
                   
                      
                         • Advise females of reproductive potential of the potential risk to a fetus and to inform their healthcare provider of a known or suspected pregnancy  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.4 ), Use in Specific Populations ( 8.1 ,  8.3 )] . 
                      
                         • Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with JEMPERLI and for 4 months after the last dose  [see Warnings and Precautions ( 5.4 ), Use in Specific Populations ( 8.1 ,  8.3 )] . 
                   
                   
                      Lactation 
                   
                   
                      
                         • Advise women not to breastfeed during treatment with JEMPERLI and for 4 months after the last dose  [see Use in Specific Populations ( 8.2 )] . 
                   
                   Trademarks are owned by or licensed to the GSK group of companies. 
                   Manufactured by: 
                   GlaxoSmithKline LLC 
                   Philadelphia, PA 19104 
                   U.S. License No. 1727 
                   Distributed by: 
                   GlaxoSmithKline 
                   Durham, NC 27701 
                   ©2025 GSK group of companies or its licensor. 
                   JMP:8PI 
                
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                
                   
                      
                      
                      
                      
                         
                            
                               
                                  MEDICATION GUIDE 
                               
                               
                                  JEMPERLI (jem-PER-lee) 
                               
                               
                                  (dostarlimab-gxly) 
                               
                               
                                  injection 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  What is the most important information I should know about JEMPERLI? 
                               
                               JEMPERLI is a medicine that may treat certain cancers by working with your immune system. JEMPERLI can cause your immune system to attack normal organs and tissues in any area of your body and can affect the way they work. These problems can sometimes become severe or life-threatening and can lead to death. You can have more than one of these problems at the same time. These problems may happen anytime during treatment or even after your treatment has ended. 
                               
                                  Call or see your healthcare provider right away if you develop any new or worsening signs or symptoms, including: 
                               
                               
                                  Lung problems. 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • cough 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • shortness of breath 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • chest pain 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Intestinal problems. 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     • diarrhea or more bowel movements than usual 
                                  
                                     • stools that are black, tarry, sticky, or have blood or mucus 
                                  
                                     • severe stomach-area (abdomen) pain or tenderness 
                               
                               
                                  Liver problems. 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes 
                                  
                                     • severe nausea or vomiting 
                                  
                                     • pain on the right side of your stomach-area (abdomen) 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • dark urine (tea colored) 
                                  
                                     • bleeding or bruising more easily than usual 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Hormone gland problems. 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • headaches that will not go away or unusual headaches 
                                  
                                     • eye sensitivity to light 
                                  
                                     • eye problems  
                                  
                                     • rapid heartbeat 
                                  
                                     • increased sweating 
                                  
                                     • extreme tiredness 
                                  
                                     • weight gain or weight loss 
                                  
                                     • feeling more hungry or thirsty than usual 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • urinating more often than usual 
                                  
                                     • hair loss 
                                  
                                     • feeling cold 
                                  
                                     • constipation 
                                  
                                     • your voice gets deeper 
                                  
                                     • dizziness or fainting 
                                  
                                     • changes in mood or behavior, such as decreased sex drive, irritability, or forgetfulness 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Kidney problems. 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • change in the amount or color of your urine 
                                  
                                     • blood in your urine 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • swelling in your ankles 
                                  
                                     • loss of appetite 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Skin problems. 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • rash 
                                  
                                     • itching 
                                  
                                     • skin blistering or peeling 
                                  
                                     • swollen lymph nodes 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • painful sores or ulcers in your mouth or in your nose, throat, or genital area 
                                  
                                     • fever or flu-like symptoms 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Problems can also happen in other organs and tissues. These are not all of the signs and symptoms of immune system problems that can happen with JEMPERLI. Call or see your healthcare provider right away for any new or worse signs or symptoms. 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • chest pain, irregular heartbeat, shortness of breath, swelling of ankles 
                                  
                                     • confusion, sleepiness, memory problems, changes in mood or behavior, stiff neck, balance problems, tingling or numbness of the arms or legs 
                                  
                                     • double vision, blurry vision, sensitivity to light, eye pain, changes in eyesight 
                                  
                                     • persistent or severe muscle pain or weakness, muscle cramps 
                                  
                                     • low red blood cells, bruising 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Infusion reactions that can sometimes be severe or life-threatening.  Signs and symptoms of infusion reactions may include: 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • chills or shaking 
                                  
                                     • itching or rash 
                                  
                                     • flushing 
                                  
                                     • shortness of breath or wheezing 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • dizziness 
                                  
                                     • feel like passing out 
                                  
                                     • fever 
                                  
                                     • back or neck pain 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Rejection of a transplanted organ.  Your healthcare provider should tell you what signs and symptoms you should report and monitor you, depending on the type of organ transplant that you have had. 
                               
                                  Complications, including graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), in people who have received a bone marrow (stem cell) transplant that uses donor stem cells (allogeneic).  These complications can be serious and can lead to death. These complications may happen if you underwent transplantation either before or after being treated with JEMPERLI. Your healthcare provider will monitor you for these complications. 
                               
                                  Getting medical treatment right away may help keep these problems from becoming more serious. 
                               
                               Your healthcare provider will check you for these problems during treatment with JEMPERLI. Your healthcare provider may treat you with corticosteroid or hormone replacement medicines. Your healthcare provider may also need to delay or completely stop treatment with JEMPERLI, if you have severe side effects. 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  What is JEMPERLI? 
                               
                               JEMPERLI is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with: 
                               
                                  
                                     • a kind of uterine cancer called endometrial cancer (EC) 
                                  
                                       ○JEMPERLI may be used in combination with the chemotherapy medicines carboplatin and paclitaxel, and then after that, JEMPERLI may be used alone: 
                                        
                                           1. when your cancer has spread outside your uterus (advanced)  or , 
                                        
                                           2. your cancer has returned. 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                       ○JEMPERLI may be used alone: 
                                        
                                           3. when a laboratory test shows that your tumor is mismatch repair deficient (dMMR), and 
                                        
                                           4. your cancer has returned, or it has spread (advanced EC), and 
                                        
                                           5. you have received chemotherapy that contains platinum, and it did not work or is no longer working, and 
                                        
                                           6. your cancer cannot be treated by surgery or radiation. 
                                     
                                  
                                  
                                     • a kind of cancer that is shown by laboratory test to be mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) solid tumor. JEMPERLI may be used alone to treat: 
                                  
                                       ○cancer that has returned or has spread (advanced cancer) and, 
                                  
                                       ○has progressed during treatment or after treatment, and you have no satisfactory treatment options. 
                               
                               It is not known if JEMPERLI is safe and effective in children. 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  Before receiving JEMPERLI, tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions, including if you: 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     • have immune system problems, such as Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis, or lupus. 
                                  
                                     • have received an organ transplant. 
                                  
                                     • have received or plan to receive a stem cell transplant that uses donor stem cells (allogeneic). 
                                  
                                     • have received radiation treatment to your chest area. 
                                  
                                     • have a condition that affects your nervous system, such as myasthenia gravis or Guillain-Barré syndrome. 
                                  
                                     • are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. JEMPERLI can harm your unborn baby. 
                                  
                                       
                                     Females who are able to become pregnant: 
                                  
                                  
                                       ○Your healthcare provider will do a pregnancy test before you start treatment with JEMPERLI. 
                                  
                                       ○You should use an effective method of birth control during your treatment and for 4 months after your last dose of JEMPERLI. Talk to your healthcare provider about birth control methods that you can use during this time. 
                                  
                                       ○Tell your healthcare provider right away if you become pregnant or think you may be pregnant during treatment with JEMPERLI. 
                                  
                                     • are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known if JEMPERLI passes into your breast milk. Do not breastfeed during treatment and for 4 months after your last dose of JEMPERLI. 
                               
                               
                                  Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take,  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements. 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  How will I receive JEMPERLI? 
                               
                               
                                  
                                     • Your healthcare provider will give you JEMPERLI into your vein through an intravenous (IV) line over 30 minutes. 
                                  
                                     • When JEMPERLI is used in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel, JEMPERLI is usually given every 3 weeks for the first 6 doses. Beginning 3 weeks later, it is usually given alone every 6 weeks. 
                                  
                                     • When JEMPERLI is used alone to treat dMMR recurrent or advanced EC and dMMR recurrent or advanced solid tumors, it is usually given every 3 weeks for the first 4 doses. Beginning 3 weeks later, it is usually given every 6 weeks. 
                                  
                                     • Your healthcare provider will decide how many treatments you need. 
                                  
                                     • Your healthcare provider will do blood tests to check you for side effects. 
                                  
                                     • If you miss any appointments, call your healthcare provider as soon as possible to reschedule your appointment. 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  What are the possible side effects of JEMPERLI? 
                               
                               
                                  JEMPERLI can cause serious side effects.  
                               
                               
                                  
                                     • 
                                     See “What is the most important information I should know about JEMPERLI?” 
                                  
                               
                               
                                  The most common side effects of JEMPERLI when given with carboplatin and paclitaxel in people with EC include: 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • nerve problems in your arms, hands, legs, and feet 
                                  
                                     • tiredness 
                                  
                                     • nausea 
                                  
                                     • hair loss 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • joint pain 
                                  
                                     • rash 
                                  
                                     • constipation 
                                  
                                     • diarrhea 
                                  
                                     • stomach-area (abdomen) pain 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • shortness of breath 
                                  
                                     • decreased appetite 
                                  
                                     • urinary tract infections 
                                  
                                     • vomiting 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  The most common side effects of JEMPERLI in people with dMMR solid tumors (including EC) when used alone include: 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • tiredness and weakness 
                                  
                                     • low red blood cell count (anemia) 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • diarrhea 
                                  
                                     • nausea 
                               
                            
                            
                               
                                  
                                     • constipation 
                                  
                                     • vomiting 
                               
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               These are not all of the possible side effects of JEMPERLI. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088. 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  General information about the safe and effective use of JEMPERLI. 
                               
                               Medicines are sometimes prescribed for purposes other than those listed in a Medication Guide. If you would like more information about JEMPERLI, talk with your healthcare provider. You can ask your pharmacist or healthcare provider for information about JEMPERLI that is written for healthcare professionals. 
                            
                         
                         
                            
                               
                                  What are the ingredients in JEMPERLI? 
                               
                               
                                  Active ingredient:  dostarlimab-gxly 
                               
                                  Inactive ingredients : citric acid monohydrate, L-arginine hydrochloride, polysorbate 80, sodium chloride, trisodium citrate dihydrate, and Water for Injection. 
                               Trademarks are owned by or licensed to the GSK group of companies. 
                               Manufactured by: 
                               GlaxoSmithKline LLC, Philadelphia, PA 19104, U.S. License No. 1727 
                               Distributed by: 
                               GlaxoSmithKline, Durham, NC 27701  
                               ©2024 GSK group of companies or its licensor. 
                               JMP:5MG 
                               For more information, call 1-888-825-5249 or go to www.gsk.com. 
                            
                         
                      
                   
                   This Medication Guide has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.                Revised: August 2024 
                
                
             
          
          
             
                
                
                
                   
                      PRINCIPAL DISPLAY PANEL 
                   
                   
                      NDC 0173-0898-03 
                   
                   
                      Jemperli 
                   
                   
                      (dostarlimab-gxly) Injection 
                   
                   
                      500 mg/10 mL 
                   
                   
                      (50 mg/mL) 
                   
                   
                      gsk 
                   
                   
                      For Intravenous Infusion after Dilution 
                   
                   
                      Single-Dose Vial 
                   
                   
                      Rx only 
                   
                   
                      Dispense the enclosed Medication Guide to each patient 
                   
                   
                      ©2020 GSK group of companies or its licensor. 
                   
                   Rev. 3/23 
                   PCR-0022923 
                   
                
                
                
                   
                      Jemperli 10 mL carton 
                      
                         
                      
                   
                
             
          
       
    
 